Fart Wang Fuye
Fight me if you have the ability
Let's see who is useless today
Long Qiuhua, I just don't hit women
You really think I'm afraid of you, don't you?
Enough, these two rice dishes are not over yet
Sect Master Ouyang
Don't die for face
Nine straight defeats?
You Canglan Sect still have disciples who can fight
Hahahaha, who said that Canglan Sect has no disciples?
I got it.
Uncle, what are you doing here?
Father, I am also a disciple within the sect
I can play too, hahaha.
President Chaoyang
You beloved daughter
Courage
It's just that the cultivation base is a little poor.
Your Freeland Gate has been reduced to the point where you can only send
Did the fourth-rank disciple fight?
Hahaha
Cattle and sheep Chuchu
These two large sums must be at least unsupported
What are you doing here?
Come to me quickly
Dad me
Although your winter is still short
But don't you even have the courage to fight?
Do you need a little girl to come out and support the scene?
It seems that Wuji failed to break through the sixth-grade official road after all
Also, this year's two competitions
There's no need to go on
Anyway, this year, I participated in these two big competitions
Doorblade Supreme, here I come